{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red77\green80\blue85;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue233;\red49\green49\blue49;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c37255\c38824\c40784;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c25098\c25098\c25098;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README for code associated with the paper:\
\
Geddes J, Einevoll G T, Acar E, Stasik A J. Multi-Linear Population Analysis (MLPA) of LFP data using Tensor Decompositions. Frontiers in Applied Mathematics and Statistics. (2020). DOI:\
\

\fs18 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Repository contains the following files/folders:\
\
Driver_Results.m: Runs analysis as stated in the above referenced paper\
MLPA_unbounded.m: The main method used and presented in the paper\
MLPA_bounded.m: The bounded version of the MLPA, in the paper this was only used to attempt to increase accuracy in the nonlinear case.\
sim_tensor_4pop_linear.m: Used to create tensor (with kernels, not included in repository) given a linear F function\
sim_tensor_4pop_nonlinear.m: Used to create tensor (with kernels, not included in repository) given a linear F function\
\
\
\
Dependencies:\
\
Tensor_toolbox:\
Brett W. Bader, Tamara G. Kolda and others. \
MATLAB Tensor Toolbox Version 3.1, \
Available online, June 2019. \
URL: https://gitlab.com/tensors/tensor_toolbox. \
\
N-way Toolbox:\
The N-way Toolbox for MATLAB ver. 3.30, http://www.models.life.ku.dk/\
R. Bro & C. A. Andersson\
Faculty of Life Sciences\
Copenhagen University\
DK-1958 Frederiksberg\
Denmark\
\
Poblano Toolbox:\
Sandia National Labs\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://github.com/sandialabs/poblano_toolbox\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
L-BFGS-B Matlab:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stephen Becker (2020).\'a0LBFGSB (L-BFGS-B) mex wrapper\'a0(https://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/35104-lbfgsb-l-bfgs-b-mex-wrapper), MATLAB Central File Exchange.\
\
FastICA_2.5\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Hugo G\'e4vert, Jarmo Hurri, Jaakko S\'e4rel\'e4, and Aapo Hyv\'e4rinen.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://research.ics.aalto.fi/ica/fastica/index.shtml\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}